okay guys I just want to show you some
stuff here I I get this kind of stuff
all the time where I have to fix it
repair it or repaint something I don't
know who the original artist is on this
or the painter but you know if it's one
of you guys or somebody and they want to
contact me I can tell you where where we
where we had gone wrong on this project
here so I won't point out some areas
here and I'm by no means in my
disrespectful to to the to the painting
I'm just showing what new new painters
run into these problems and I've had
these problems myself as you see on here
we've got a lot of fish i and fish eyes
caused by oil or contaminants that might
be on the surface of the paint this
could be fingerprints it could be wax
and grease remover that wasn't wiped
down then wife's dry it could have been
some your next-door neighbor could have
been putting armor on his tires and the
oil drops could have got on the surface
here this is just a contamination also
you can see in here there's a lot of
small small like dust but it's actually
small bubbles and that's cause that's
called solvent pop and this is caused by
putting on too much paint and not
allowing the paint to dry first for 10
or 15 minutes to let it flash cure or
whatever they call it and then putting a
second coat on too heavy and this
outgassing of the first coat is trapped
and it causes these bubbles in the paint
this probably what happened here when he
put too much paint on he also got a run
right here really severe run and that
run could have actually been taken out
with a piece of tape well it was wet you
just put a tape on and just kind of pull
it off it's going to leave some some
cruddy marks and he might have tried it
right here I'm not sure but it's going
to leave some cruddy marks but
you can't go back over and flood that
area with paint and and and kill this to
a certain extent you also have a lot of
orange peels you can see it in the
reflection your lots and lots of orange
peel that orange peel can be wet sanded
out and polished to look really really
nice there is some trash in here this
could be some evidence that he was
painting in the garage or maybe outside
or he just maybe in a warehouse and
didn't have a really nice good clean
environment another part is when you
paint like in a hole like this you can
see the voids of the paint and that
where he didn't get enough paint in here
covering on this and this is common as
well it's hard to paint inside of a hole
because you're constantly spraying
overspray on the other part that you
just got finished with another area here
you see where he's got it clear coated
here but he either one forgot to clear
coat this or either overspray and got
dry paint on here causing it to look
dull these area this is the stuff that
that everybody has gotten and in people
even get it today I get it the best of
the best you come up with these problems
on occasion it's not knowing how to fix
them and how to avoid them and this
comes with time and practice anyway we
had some had requests on how to mix
paint so I got me a little cup here and
what I'm going to do is I take my my
black paint and I'm just going to take
the black paint and mix it in for a
little black paint in there and I'm
going to use ru 311 this is how the
color black paint and ru 311 and I'm
going to mix it half-and-half and that
is going to give the consistency of
water or milk you can see it's kind of a
drippy consistency it's very thin
consistency on that so we've done just
taking mix-up that paint put it in your
airbrush and when you put in your
airbrush you can check and see if it's
spider webbing or if it's too thin or
thick or and then you can add reducer I
usually keep a little reducer here these
bottles you can get it Michaels and then
you find in the cake mixing department
and they will hold your things without
eating them and I have black paint white
paint I have all my different colors I
have a spice rack full of paints over
here that I keep my colors in and anyway
we will be putting some red candy on
this here shortly you can kind of see
some of the stuff that I've been doing
to it here this was from last night I
had done some work on today but we're
almost ready to put some red candy on
this and that will be the next one
the red candy Oh another thing is that
people have asked you know how do you
hook up your your air compressor to your
airbrush well I just you know run some
line and run it through the warehouse
here and my line goes to a homemade
cooler this is just some pipe that I've
it comes up and down up and down and I
have some drains at the bottom down here
with it the water the condensation
collects and then it flows the air flows
into the water filter here and then the
water filter from that water filter it
goes to different hoses throughout my
shop and I've got my air brushes hooked
up I have a T on this one right here
where I've hooked them up and I can you
know unplug it plug it back in and
hooked up these just with some regular
pipe threads you see that those hoses
are kind of old and I've had to repair
them with some clamps that's how you do
it simple run about 35 psi on my on my
hair I think I probably run a little
high but I like it that way
other people like to run ten pounds of
air I have little contraptions and
little holders and things that I have
around the shop all my paints and my
mixing tables and stuff like that so the
next project will be
putting some red candy on this fender
and that should probably be the last
video but I'll check you guys on the
next one